hey guys happy Tuesday so today I'm
going to be telling you something very
exciting I'm gonna be doing a little
segment video every Tuesday called tip
Tuesday and basically it's going to be
me sharing tips that I've come across
with you guys just beauty tips and I
think you guys would like to hear about
these videos are gonna basically be
really quick less than five minutes just
a quick little in-and-out tip for you
guys so yeah let's get started with
tonight so today's theme is basically
how to get the most out of your products
I totally came across this by accident
I'm sure there's other people that know
about it but it's something that I
totally came into by just my own
curiosity and basically what it has to
do with is the NYX round lipsticks I
bought my first one about six months ago
and I was really impressed with the
quality the pigmentation I'm actually
wearing one today I'm wearing blush and
they're super cheap they're cheaper than
a lot of drugstore lipsticks I think
they're like $4 I'm not sure but a lot
of drugstore like L'Oreal and all those
are like ten dollars so these are just
as good as far as I'm concerned and
cheaper so basically really quick what
I'm gonna tell you is how do to get the
most out of these first off this is for
any lipstick goes for any lipstick that
you own when you come to the bottom like
let's say you've gotten to the very
bottom here do not throw this away what
you need to do is take a tool this is
just something I think it's for like
your skin but I use it like a spatula
for products beauty products makeup one
up there is going to be more product
down in here probably too right about
there scrape out that access and put it
on to a spoon and then hold the spoon
over a candle and what that's going to
do is melt the rest of the product and
then you can put it into
another container and continue to use it
put it into something like this which
these little containers I have holding
pigments right now but you can get these
for like four for a dollar Walmart and
you can just use a lip brush and
continue to get the most out of your
product and the second tip is just
pertaining to these NYX brown lipsticks
what I really love about this product is
the fact that you can see what color it
is in the bottom so in my lipstick
organization here I know exactly what
color I'm picking up without having to
see the name of it without having to
open it for hours like the MAC lipsticks
you can't tell what this one is I would
either have to open it up and see what
it is or I'd have to look at the bottom
and read the name so basically I just
wanted to do a little bit an
investigation and see if this is the
actual color if there is actual lipstick
product or if it's just them like
painting it and lo and behold it's extra
product which is awesome because a lot
of you may not realize that there's
product here and you shouldn't throw it
away once you're done with this all you
need to do is take a lip brush and you
can take this lipstick with you and use
all of the rest that's in here and
there's a good amount I mean I don't
know if you can see it but it's filled
all the way to there that's at least I
would say 1012 more uses that you get
out of this lipstick that was the tip
Tuesday that I have for you today I hope
you enjoyed it it's the first one of
many if you'd like this idea and you
want to see more tip Tuesdays make sure
that you subscribe if you haven't
already and like this video let me know
what you liked about it let me know what
you want tips on and I will see you on
Thursday with my next video bye